Narrator: A Hero:
the keeper of peace
who protects the innocent,
and battles the
forces of darkness.
The young boy Dai-
raised on a remote
island by monsters-
has taken up the
mantel of his mentor,
the legendary Hero Avan.
Traveling with Popp,
the excitable Mage;
and Maam, the brave
Warrior Priest...
Dai intends to stop
the Dark Lord Hadlar
from overrunning the world
with his Six Legions.
So far, the Disciples of Avan
have defeated Crocodine,
leader of the
Furfang Legion...
As well as Hyunckel,
of the Undead Legion.
Dai continues on
the path of a Hero,
but his next adversary
General Flazzard
plans to stop
him in his tracks.
[evil cackle]
Popp: Is something wrong,
Maam? You seem blue.
Oh, I'm fine. Thanks Popp.
That's nice of you,
but I was just thinking.
Popp: About Hyunckel?
Yeah.
Did you - Well, uh-
I mean... like...
Did you like him?
Maam: Huh?
I don't really know.
Maam: But when I looked
into those sad eyes of his,
I just wanted to help him.
I wanted to be by his side.
I got that feeling.
Popp: Don't worry!
It's all okay.
I'll bet he's fine.
After what Dai and
I threw at that guy,
Hyunckel was still as
tough as ever, remember?
That's true.
He's still out there.
The Undead Legion Commander
wouldn't die so easily.
You're right. Thank you
for that, really, Popp.
Popp: Uh, sure.
Maam: He must be alive.
He was a Disciple
of Avan, after all.
Popp [thought]: Oh, man!
What the hell am I doing?!
Here I am, talking up my
rival like... like a loser.
[pained groan]
That was a bad idea...
Baduck: There. Finished!
Wow, it's just
like new again. Amazing!
[satisfied chuckle]
Baduck: They used to call me
the Papnica Inventor
King, you know.
Uh-huh? What
happened to being
"the greatest swordsman
in Papnica", old man?
Now we're all set, you guys.
So, let's go rescue Leona!
Baduck: The problem is...
we still don't know where
she's actually gone.
He's right, Dai.
Leona's still missing.
And where to look in this
vast continent of Holkia?
Popp: I guess we'll
have to take it slowly.
But if we don't hurry,
the Dark Army might send out
another Legion Commander
and get to the
princess before we do.
Leona...
Baduck: That's it!
What're you excited about?
Baduck: The temple!
We'll go to the temple!
The temple?
Popp: Hey, old-timer,
so what's supposed to be
in this place, anyway?
Baduck: The temple has some
things stored underground.
So, let's try to
find the entrance.
Easier said than done.
And what exactly are
they storing underground?
Signal flares!
Signal flares?
Yes, that's right.
Papnica uses flares in battle.
They fire signals high into
the sky using gunpowder.
With gunpowder?
If we can find and launch one,
the Princess is sure
to see it wherever she is.
Even if it's miles away.
Maam: Oh, I see.
It'll work, okay?
We fire the
red victory signal,
I'm willing to bet
that Her Majesty would feel
as if it's safe enough
to come back here.
Dai: Found it!
Hey, guys - this might
actually be the place!
No good...
We can't get in.
But... I don't think
we can move all this.
Everybody get back.
Leave it to me!
He seems pretty
eager, doesn't he?
Yeah, he's
probably desperate
to test out his
improved strength.
Popp: He's been
eager since I told him
he beat Hyunckel without
the power of his mark.
Dai [thought]:
Let's find out
whether I can use
that skill or not!
Frizz!
[amazed gasps]
Moron! Wait, don't!
Dai: Fire Earth Slash!
Dai: Yes! I really did it!
You idiot!
Of all the attacks
you could use.
There's gunpowder
down there, y'know?!
Actual gunpowder!
Popp: Oh, great.
Baduck: They've ignited! Run!
[worried breaths]
Well, team. All the signal
flares were blown away.
Not a single one left.
Popp: Hey, uh, wise guy.
You coulda just used a
Crack spell or something...
Like an ice attack,
y'know? Hmm?
Sorry...
Well either way,
at least we managed to
get the flares launched?
Don't you think that
maybe Princess Leona
could've gotten the message?
I dunno. With a big
light show like that,
she might just get suspicious
and stay in hiding instead.
Dai: Sorry.
What's that thing up there?
It doesn't look like
a bird of any kind...
A monster?
No, I think...
Baduck: That's...
The Papnica Balloon Ship!
Papnica Balloon Ship?
Baduck: It's a vehicle
that travels by air.
The royal family uses it!
All: What?!
Take us down.
I don't believe it.
That's Baduck!
Hey! Hey!
Baduck: Down here!
Wow.
Yep, that is impressive.
Baduck: Hey!
[delighted chuckle]
Lady Amy!
Sir Baduck, was it
you who sent up
all those flares
a little while ago?
You really know that
girl, old-timer?
Introduce me!
Fool! Show some respect!
You are in the presence of
one of the Papnica Troika;
Lady Amy.
For real, a woman that young?
And all this time I thought...
We're the Papnica Troika!
We thought that signal
was a little strange,
so we came here
to check it out.
I left the Princess back with
Apollo and Marin for safety.
Dai: By Princess,
you mean Leona, right?
Is she okay? Have you
seen her? Where is she?!
Who are you?
I rescued Princess Leona
on Dermline island.
My name is Dai.
You're Dai?
The Hero, Dai?
That's right.
This young man is
the Hero that Her Majesty
has been going on
and on about, lately.
And he sure lives up
to his reputation,
because he and his
friends have already
vanquished the Undead Legion.
You all can rest easy now.
They what?!
Vanquished the Undead Legion?!
So, you're actually Dai,
the young Hero?
Amy: This weapon belongs to
the Papnica royal family.
Leona's the one
who gave it to me.
It's my greatest treasure!
Well, then. Come with us.
The Princess waits
on Valge Island.
On Valge Island?
The Princess is all
the way out there?!
Oh, wow!
So high!
This balloon is amazing.
[proud chuckle]
Of course.
It's the only Balloon Ship
in the Papnica Kingdom,
don't you know.
Hey, that's not the only
thing that surprised us.
When you came from the sky,
I thought that you were
the Princess, Lady Amy.
You sure look the part!
Oh, that's nonsense.
The Princess is
far more beautiful
than I could
ever hope to be,
but regardless,
I'm flattered.
Well, I can't
wait to meet her then.
[chuckle]
Gross. You are
such a creep, Popp.
Oh, yeah?
Come on - it's a Princess
we're talking about here-
I mean, who wouldn't
be curious?
I'll bet that
she's cute and gentle,
unlike someone else I know.
Uh, what?
Leona is cute, but, she's
not really the gentle-type.
Huh? What do you mean?
Dai: She's brutally honest.
In fact, she could
be worse than Maam.
[offended huff]
Popp: Worse than Maam?
I'll believe
it when I see it.
What's that supposed to mean?
She'd have to be
an ogre. Impossible.
-Maam: Why, you...
-Guard: Hey, hey!
-Maam: One more!
-Popp: Help me! Someone help!
Guard: Hey! Behave yourselves.
Guard: There's the island!
Popp: So that's Valge Island?!
Whoa. Why is the sea spinning?
Amy: That's the
Valge Whirlpool.
It's dangerous,
and because of that
most people avoid
the island altogether.
To get there by boat
requires taking a long route
that goes all the way around
the mouth of the whirlpool.
Indeed, and Valge Tower
is the only thing
worth seeing on that island.
I never would have
guessed that Her Majesty
would be hiding out
in that place.
Well, it's all
thanks to this ship.
Amy: We've been using
it to deliver messages
while we plan for a
counterattack on the Dark Army.
That must be the tower
in the middle of the island.
It used to be used
as a lighthouse,
if I remember correctly.
And that's where Leona is.
Dai [thought]: Finally...
I'll finally get to see
the princess again!
Let go, you son of a-
Shut up. It's mine!
-It's mine!
-That's enough!
Apollo: What is it?!
What's going on?!
Apollo, sir...
Lady Marin...
They're all fighting
over the rations!
They're fighting about food?
Enough. You're
embarrassing yourselves.
It's all his fault, sir!
He was trying to take
more than his fair share!
I've been on guard for three
days straight, you know.
I deserve to eat this much!
I haven't eaten
anything in a whole day!
Shut up! Let go!
No, you let go!
Leona: Hand it over.
Princess!
All: Your Majesty?!
Wait. What are you doing?
Leona: Throwing it away!
All: What?!
But it's the last
of our valuable food!
Leona: Valuable or not,
if it sparks conflict,
I don't want it.
Leona: All of you...
Don't forget, the reason
we're in hiding, working,
and preparing for
a counterattack...
is so that we can someday
put an end to
evil of the Dark Army.
Leona: That's a
tall enough order.
How can we fight amongst
ourselves over our own greed?
Leona: We'd be no different
than the Dark Army itself.
If the alternative
is to live as monsters,
I'd rather starve
as human beings!
I'm so ashamed.
You've barely eaten
either, Princess.
And yet here we are,
the first to complain.
Please, forgive us!
We are so very sorry.
Have you all calmed down?
All: Yes!
Leona: Good. Then talk
it over and share.
All: Great!
Just have patience.
We just need to hold out
for a little bit longer.
I know in my heart that
the Hero's on his
way to save everyone!
You mean the young man
you're always speaking of?
The one called... Dai?
Leona: Yes.
He might be a little
short in stature...
But he's got the Hero spirit.
I sent him a tutor
a while ago,
so hopefully he's gotten
a lot stronger by now.
Aw, c'mon.
That's not a very nice way
to speak about our savior.
[laughing]
Do you think the
boy will actually come?
We're running out of time.
Let's believe that he will.
Apollo: At the very least,
the Princess believes.
And if the Princess
believes in him,
then so too should all of us.
Flazzard: That's a
pipe dream, right there.
[alarmed grunts]
Flazzard: The Hero and company
are at the bottom
of a pool of lava.
Who's there?
Flazzard: [amused chuckle]
Such leadership and
charisma for a little girl.
I may have scored a bigger
fish than I thought.
Soldier: Over there!
Stay there! Who are you?
Flazzard: I, am Blizzblaze
General Flazzard.
Too bad I ain't your Hero,
little Princess,
but you'll join him soon.
[laughing]
The Dark Army?
Curse you!
Apollo: One was burned and
the other was frozen...
Be careful. He can
control both fire and ice.
Sure can. How about I show you?
Flazzard: Today the Papnica
royal family meets its end.
Ridiculous!
We're not gonna let you lay
a finger on our Princess!
Let's bring him down!
His fire is too powerful!
[chuckling]
That too hot?
Then let me cool you down!
[pained groans]
With one blow?
Apollo:
The temperature difference.
That rapid shift from
the heat of the fire to ice
must've weakened their armor!
Flazzard: Looks like
we got at least one guy
with some brains here.
I am Sir Apollo of the
Papnica Troika! Stand down!
Lady Marin - at the ready!
We shall both protect
Princess Leona with our lives!
Oh, really? Good for you.
Marin; you try and hit
the fire side of him
with a Crack spell.
I'll do something
about the other half.
Right.
Apollo: Here goes! Kafrizz!
Kacrack!
[amused laugh]
Goodie, goodie.
Giving me a feast
as a welcome, are you?
No, stop!
He's somehow absorbing the
energy of both of your spells!
Right back at you.
Insulatle!
Insulatle? Well, well.
It turns out that
your "Troika" title
ain't just for
show, is it now?
Now matter how strong your fire
or ice-type spells may be,
you cannot pierce
this defensive shield!
Yeah, okay, I get it.
Then out of respect for
your heroic performance,
let me show you a neat trick
that I recently picked up...
A trick?
K...
a...
f-r...
i...
z-z!
Five Finger Flare!
[pained cry]
Baduck: Look!
Something's wrong down there!
Guard: Could the
Princess be in danger?!
Leona [thought]: He fired
five Kafrizz spells at once.
He's unbelievably powerful.
[pained groan]
Apollo... please,
let me heal you!
[struggling grunts]
You menace!
How could you do
that to Marin?
Flazzard: Don't make me laugh!
It's a battlefield.
Flazzard: It doesn't
matter who you are!
Here, the strong survive
and the weak ones die!
[pained grunt]
If you don't want pain, then
stay off of the battlefield!
Princess, wouldn't you agree?
I'll bet your majesty
is even prepared
to go the same way her
puny little kingdom did.
[menacing laughter]
Dai: Hurry! Get us down there!
Amy: Can you land on the roof?
Guard: Yes, my lady!
Dai [thought]: Leona...
Crack!
[amused chuckle]
Well, so much
for the Papnica Kingdom.
Flazzard: When the survivors
hear of your demise,
they'll lose all hope.
And I'm sure
they'll never consider
going up against
the Dark Army again.
Leona: Don't assume humans
are anything like you monsters!
What was that?
There will always be someone.
Someone who'll stand up
against a villain like you!
Leona: So long as
humanity has its pride!
Flazzard: That's
some courage there.
Right when you're
about to die!
Bye-bye, Princess.
Go act tough on your way
to the afterlife!
Leona [thought]:
Wait... that knife...
Who?!
It's Dai!
No way.
You're still alive?!
Get away from Leona!
Come and make me!
If you even touch her...
You're gonna regret it!
Get him, Dai!
You little brat!
Narrator: Dai goes to battle
with Blizzblaze
General Flazzard,
but soon the Blitz
Captain's ruthless tactics
prove difficult to beat.
With their adversary obsessed
with winning at any cost,
Dai and his friends
fall into peril.
And even worse,
Princess Leona falls prey
to Flazzard's cruel plans.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Terrifying Curse Field".